now to Northern Israel and Israel says
time is running out to reach a
negotiated solution to the escalating
fighting on its border there with
Lebanon since the beginning of the war
in Gaza there have been repeated
confrontations between Israeli forces
and the Lebanese militant group
Hezbollah in this border region with
deaths and injuries on both sides these
pictures show Israeli strikes on
Hezbollah Targets on Wednesday security
sources said that Hezbollah had fired
more rockets and weaponized drones than
it had in a single in any single day
since the clashes
began DW's abas Al kasal joins us from
the Lebanese border from the Lebanese
Capital Bay route rather about how
dangerous is the situation there at that
border between Israel and
Lebanon uh good morning the situation
quite dangerous still dangerous since
Wednesday uh or Tuesday night um there
are um more and more um there are fire
missiles attacking and targeting the
both sides on the border Israeli border
and Lebanese border and there is two
reasons for this escalation one of the
that reason is that um attacking and
killing one of the hisbah members uh and
two of his family by uh an air Israeli a
strike
targeted his home in bage Bale and it
looks like the development seems not far
from the uh consequences of
assassination of the uh Iranian General
in demascus some days ago Israeli Iran
claims Israel responsible of for this
assassination meanwhile unifil and the
UN peacekeeping forces that has operated
the sou of Lebanon since
1978 um called on Lebanese author
authorities to uh investigate after one
of the troops was wounded sorry in the
country
south if things do escalate at that
border between Israel and Lebanon what
sort of implications could that
have look there is something they call
it here in lib and call it the rules of
Engagement uh it's um to refer the to
the conflict military conflict between
hisbah and and Israel and uh till now
there is both sides try to keep this
kind of Rules of Engagement in fact
military Rules of Engagement but um um
many um officials and uh people in
leanon are calling hisbah not to
escalate further
the situation with Israel because
situation in Lebanon is quite
complicated right now so the situation
inside leanan is quite um it's quite
quite um uh complicated and the people
are looking for more peace at the moment
Bas thank you very much that was DW's
abas alali in Beirut you're welcome
you're
welcome